PractRand (Practically Random) is a C++ library of pseudo-random number 
generators (PRNGs, or just RNGs) and statistical tests for RNGs.  

version 0.94

1. Randon Number Generation with PractRand

Most development platforms come with random number generators that have 
major statistical flaws, are a bit slow, and/or have inconvenient 
interfaces.  PractRand can help.  

features:

A. Very convenient interface for practical use, not just research.  

A1: Abstraction layer hides details of the RNG algorithms native output 
format, as users have better things to worry about.  
A2: Natively supports uniform integer and floating point distributions, 
compatible with the more complex distributions offered by Boost / C++0x TR1.  
A3: Common interface available for a variety of RNG algorithms, making 
switching underlying algorithms trivial.  
A4: Automatic seeding, or seeding from any type(s) you want, with a simple 
seeding interface for the common cases and powerful seeding helpers for 
exotic cases.  

B. A variety of very high quality RNG algorithms.  

B1: Lists of recommended RNG algorithms and their strengths, to make it 
easy to find one appropriate for specific circumstances quickly.  
B2: RNGs suitable for a wide variety of needs - cryptographically secure 
RNGs, random access RNGs, RNGs that can be implemented with less than 1000 
gates, etc.  
B3: Many of the included RNGs are appropriate for use in parallel 
computing and multithreaded applications, and there is documentation to 
help.  
B4: All recommended RNGs are unencumbered.  See license.txt for 
details.  

Other libraries including multiple RNG algorithms with a common interface:
Boost / C++0x TR1 - http://www.boost.org/
TestU01 - http://www.iro.umontreal.ca/~simardr/testu01/tu01.html
hasard - http://bytebucket.org/haypo/hasard/wiki/Home
GSL - http://www.gnu.org/software/gsl/


2. Statistical testing of RNGs with PractRand

features:

A. Includes a standard battery of tests, in the tradition of Diehard.  
Many competitors include only raw tests with no obvious means for 
someone unfamiliar with them to pick parameterizations, or a default 
test set that is simply one parameterization of each test regardless 
of the relative merits of the tests involved.  

B. Standard battery of tests can detect bias in a wide variety of RNGs 
quickly.  In my testing it can find bias in a much wider variety of 
RNGs than any other suite of statistical tests, and on average needs 
less time than other suites of statistical tests.  

C. Test users concerned primarily with ease of integrating their RNGs 
can pipe data in to command line testing tools with minimal effort, 
while test users more interested in speed and versatility can use the 
tests as legally unencumbered source code and static libraries, so 
that data can be passed directly to them bypassing the speed 
limitations of piping data and the tests can be invoked in customized 
ways if desired.  Some competitors use similar schemes, but many do 
only one or the other, or choose a worse option - taking input only 
from files (worse speed and versatility than piped data, plus size 
limitations) or only supporting testing on a few predefined RNGs.  

D. No realistic maximum sequence length for testing.  Competing 
software packages generally either have either interface issues, bugs,  
or severe scalability issues that make testing very long sequences 
impossible or meaningless, but PractRand has been tested on sequence 
lengths over 500 terabytes and is expected to work on sequence lengths 
up to a few exabytes.  

E. More original tests.  Competing software packages tend to mainly 
use tests identical or nearly identical to ones that appeared in the 
literature decades ago, with only a few unusual tests.  There is 
nothing wrong with that, but it means that if you are testing with at 
least two test suites then you are likely to have less redundancy 
(and better breadth) if one of the test suites is PractRand.  

F. PractRands testing interface allows preliminary results to be 
requested at any time without having to start the testing over again.  
Most competitors require that results be evaluated just once at the 
end of a test.  If you are testing an RNG using dynamic test sequence 
lengths - progressively longer until the RNG fails a test - then this 
is an important feature.  

G. The command line testing tools are multithreaded to allow higher 
performance on multicore CPUs.  Very few competitors support 
multithreading like that.  

H. Exotic testing modes to check things like inter-seed correlation.  

Those are the pros.  The main con is that it requires more random bits 
than most comparable test suites, making it inappropriate for very 
slow PRNGs.  Also, the more orthagonal test set used by PractRand, 
while good for speed, means that the information about *which* tests 
were failed may be less informative than similar information produced 
by a competitor that uses a more redundant set of tests.  

Other packages for testing PRNGs:
(good quality means ability to distinguish good RNGs from bad RNGs)
(good presentation means showing test results in ways that are easy to understand and are useful)
gjrand - http://gjrand.sourceforge.net/
	quality: very good
	presentation: decent
	open-source: viral (GPL)
	multithreaded: yes
	This one is pretty obscure, but works really well.  I've never 
	tried to use it on a non-unix environment, but the build process on 
	linux was straightforward.  The documentation seems a bit 
	lacking.  
TestU01 - http://www.iro.umontreal.ca/~simardr/testu01/tu01.html
	quality: good
	presentation: decent
	open source: non-commercial only
	multithreaded: no
	This is popular and quite decent.  Not quite as good as PractRand 
	or gjrand IMHO, but still pretty good.  
	It's rather difficult to build on windows though.  
RaBiGeTe - http://cristianopi.altervista.org/RaBiGeTe_MT/
	quality: marginal
	presentation: overly complex
	open source: recent versions closed source, older versions viral (GPL)
	multithreaded: yes
	The fourth best testing package after PractRand and gjrand and 
	TestU01.  The range of biases it can detect is a bit limited - it 
	generally works best on LCGs.  
	It is more efficient on a per-bit basis, and comes with a GUI that can 
	help visualize the distribution of results from multiple samples if 
	desired.  
Dieharder - http://www.phy.duke.edu/~rgb/General/dieharder.php
	quality: bad
	presentation: decent
	open source: viral (GPL)
	multithreaded: no? (don't remember)
	Pretty bad at the moment, but some parts show the potential 
	to be very good with a little more work.  
	The command line interface can be very convenient for 
	scripting.  
	I was unable to build it on win32.  
	The default test set is particularly awful.  
	Several tests have false-positive issues.  
NIST STS - http://csrc.nist.gov/groups/ST/toolkit/rng/index.html
	quality: bad
	presentation: bad
	open source: public domain
	multithreaded: no
	Widely used, but not very good.  
Diehard - http://www.stat.fsu.edu/pub/diehard/
	quality: bad
	presentation: bad
	open source: yes (not sure what the license is)
	multithreaded: no
	Avoid this, it is only of historical interest.  
	Dieharder (see above) was named after this.  
ENT - http://www.fourmilab.ch/random/
	quality: bad
	presentation: mediocre
	open source: yes (not sure what the license is)
	multithreaded: no?
	A very weak test.  
BSI test suite - ???
	quality: ???
	presentation: ???
	open source: ???
	I can't find a working download link for this one.  

