
PractRand offers several closely related interfaces to RNGs.  
The interface types are:
1. Polymorphic RNGs
2. Light-weight RNGs
3. Raw RNGs
4. Entropy Pools (which are RNGs that can accumulate entropy)
5. Non-recommended RNGs (aka other RNGs)

1. Polymorphic RNGs:
A polymorphic RNG supports the full standard PractRand RNG interface.  And, 
as the name implies they are polymorphic - they have a vtable, so you can 
use base class pointers to point to any polymorphic RNG.  In addition to the 
methods of the standard PractRand RNG interface, polymorphic RNGs also have 
a number of methods that are optional extensions that most RNG algorithms do 
not support.  These are present in the interface for all Polymorphic RNGs in 
order to simplify inheritance.  On RNGs that do not support them, calling 
them has no effect.  
Every RNG in PractRand is available in a Polymorphic form.  
The base class for Polymorphic RNGs is PractRand::vRNG (for virtual RNG).  
The same class is also known under several aliases:
	PractRand::RNGs::vRNG
	PractRand::RNGs::PolymorphicRNGs::vRNG
Polymorphic RNGs are in the PractRand::RNGs::Polymorphic namespace.  

2. Light-weight RNGs:
Polymorphic RNGs are slower and larger than they strictly need to be, in 
order to allow them to be polymorphic.  If those costs are too high, the 
suggested alternative is a light-weight RNG, which is basically the same 
thing only without polymorphism.  
Light-weight RNGs are in the PractRand::RNGs::LightWeight namespace.  

3. Raw RNGs:
A raw RNG is the minimal type necessary to define an RNG algorithm.  They 
define the mandatory stuff - state variables, core algorithm, a small amount 
of metadata, and optionally anything else specific to the algorithm (custom 
seeding methods, etc).  But they do not provide a nice interface, just a 
small subset of the normal PractRand RNG interface.  
Normally users will not use raw RNGs directly.  However, it is possible if 
you desire to do so for some reason.  Raw RNGs are in the 
PractRand::RNGs::Raw namespace.  

4. Entropy-accumulating RNGs:
Convential RNGs have a single simple seeding process - you give them a seed, 
then they are seeded.  Entropy-accumulating RNGs, called "entropy pools" in 
PractRand, have the ability to support more complex seeding practices.  The 
special characteristics of an entropy pool are:
A. Entropy Pools in PractRand all have default constructors.  The default 
constructors effectively seed them to a specific predefined state.  
B. Entropy Pools in PractRand have a set of methods of the form 
add_entropy*.  These include add_entropy8, add_entropy16, add_entropy32, 
add_entropy64, add_entropy_N, and, on polymorphic Entropy Pools, 
add_entropy_automatically().  Each of these methods performs basically a 
progressive seeding - that is, the Entropy Pool changes to a new state that 
is dependent upon an entropic function of the old state and the value passed 
to add_entropy*.  Thus, the output of an Entropy Pool is functionally a hash 
of the initial seed of the entropy pool, all values passed to add_entropy*, 
the number (and possibly type) of outputs requested so far, and possibly the 
order in which the outputs were requested relative to when the entropy was 
added and when flush_buffers() was called.  
C. Entropy Pools have a method flush_buffers().  On an entropy pool, after 
adding entropy with add_entropy* calls as described above you must call 
flush_buffers(), otherwise the entropy added may just wait in a buffer 
somewhere indefinitely without effecting the output, or might not be 
thoroughly mixed in to the state.  

For more information about entropy pools, see RNG_entropy_pools.txt

5. Non-recommended RNGs (aka other RNGs)

These RNGs are intended only for use in testing - they are chosen for their 
flaws, not their lack of flaws.  They are used when attempting to determine 
how wide a variety of flaws a statistical test can find, and how quickly.  
They are needed because most of the recommended RNGs in PractRand do not fail 
any known statistical tests, and even the ones that do often take a long time.  

They are technically Polymorphic RNGs, but they have no constructors.  
Effectively they always act like a polymorphic RNG seeded with 
PractRand::SEED_NONE.  This is to minimize the amount of code needed for each 
one, so that it's very easy to add more of them.  
