for 0.94:
	mod3n - ready, though uncalibrated
	TMFn - ready, though uncalibrated
	BirthdaySystemagic - ready (probably, but weird performance anomaly could use investigation)
	rarns16/32/64 - NOT READY
	RNG Sets - ready-ish
	xsm32/64 - ready
post-0.94:
	high priority items
		calibrate new tests
		review seeding for all recommended RNGs
			in some cases, reduce seedspace relative to statespace to allow probabilistic proof that all seeds are good
		finish changes & validation for efiix
		add regression tests for more RNGs
		move inter-test weightings in to the batteries, not the tests themselves
			currently there are problems with all foldings being weighted equally due to this
	considering
		adjust RNG_from_name.h to allow it to source metadata & descriptions of RNGs
		improve calibration for long DC6:9x1-1 tests
		add new PRNG targetted soley at speed?
		new tests, finish &| calibrate some of them - BCFN variants, FPMulti, ???
			NearSeq - needs more work
			DistFreq4 - consider 3 windows instead of 2, alternate sweep schemes
			FPMulti - needs more work (birthday spacings?)
			Birthday Spacings tests - mostly ready, but weird performance anomaly in BirthdaySystematic could use investigation
		some tests have changed ; is recalibration necessary?
		may need to make find_test_distribution multithreaded; some tests would take a month or more otherwise
		create famework for testing tests & batteries
		add some avalanche testing code
		changes to seeding functions - less non-native integer size math, less use of other PRNGs
		FPF "small footprint, short stride" path is still doing the stupid bit reversal thing, fix that sometime (is this fixed now?)
	add more self-tests, regression tests, etc
		checks that serialization works correctly
		add self-test to SHA2-512 implementation (why isn't there one there already?)
		add regression tests for a wider variety of recommended RNGs
	review / reorganize header files
		some headers protect against multiple inclusion, some don't
		some headers protect against inclusion prior to dependencies, some don't
		test_helpers should probably be split in two
	RNG testing
		consider splitting in to a separate library
			yes, it's already a semi-separate .lib file, but...
			maybe it should also have separate:
				names, SourceForge project pages, VC solution files, downloads?
		revise specific RNG testing algorithms
*			Gap16
				possibly count sequential identical gaps
				try to preserve lowest bit of short gap distances?
			DC6
				improve the calibration data for longer test runs
			BCFN
				assymetric probability variation - reduced mispredicted branches by ~64 per kilobyte on BCFN(2,*)
					would make it much harder to calibrate though
					while I'm at it, pre-subtract the expected bit counts - won't help much, but a tiny bit
				hybridize with Rares test - the data is already readily available
				add dab_monobit2 test - the data is already readily available
			CoupGap
				try to get more testable factors per run
				maybe not worthwhile, eliminate?
*			FPF
				add FPG variant?
			Rares
				publish?
			BCN_generic
				worth more investigation
			mix of tests to switch between on a single stream
				BRank is an obvious candidate since it doesn't scale well and take too much time per data relative to other tests
				FPF is another possible candidate, since it doesn't need much continuity and is a bit slow relative to others
			...others
				most of the others don't appear to be worth the effort
		create new tests
			as BCFN, but calc the avg # of 1s in blocks after each sequence of #s of 1s
			something gapish on more than 16 bits at a time
			consider more autowindowing / leveling
			investigate idea: design a test for running on GPUs
		possible modifications to test interfaces
			allow a single test to be multithreaded?
				a bit nasty to code, and the interface might be nasty too, but it is quite doable
	tools
		add an adaptor to produce a polymorphic RNG from a raw RNG automatically?
			(to simplify users sticking their own RNG in to the test program at full performance)
		possibly move TestManager class in to library?
	choices in library to be reconsidered:
		names of randlf, randli
			perhaps: rand_sint32, rand_sint64, rand_uint32, rand_uint64, rand_float, rand_double, fast_uint32
		ranges to randf, randi, randlf, randli: [min..max) or [min..max]
		should unseeded RNGs require explicit SEED_NONE flag?
		change return type of RNG::get_name to something that doesn't require STL (ie write to buffer)?
		should split add_entropy* methods off from vRNG in to a new child class?
		serialization interface needs more work & thought I think
			same for seeding of non-polymorphic RNGs
		???
	review and add to documentation
		detailed descriptions of RNGs, particularly recommended RNGs
		RNG basics
		RNG selection
		RNG qualities
		RNG distributions
		RNG seed management and entropy collection
		RNGs and multithreading
		RNGs and parallel computing
		RNGs and exotic platforms
		RNGs and cryptography
		RNG testing / RNG tests
		RNG theory and analysis

